# CS2450-Project

The UVsim is designed to work through operations using BasicML, and 100 slots of memory. It is currently designed to take in a text file with lines of 4 digit commands, the first two digits represent the operation that will be done, and the last two digits represent the area in memory that the operation will take place on. Currently the UVsim has 4 different mathmatical operations, Addition, Subtraction, Multiplication, and Division.

Instructions for use:
Python is required to run code. In order to run this code we will need to open up the terminal. On Windows operating systems you will navigate to the start menu, and from there you will search powershell. On Mac you will navigate to the Finder app, open the applications folder, open the utilities folder, and then double click the terminal app. Once your terminal is open we will run the code by entering "python3 main.py", following which the GUI should open. In the GUI you will find three different buttons. Upload will open a window where you can input .txt files, only .txt files are accepted, and more specifically files that follow BasicML syntax. Once you have chosen a file, and the application has successfully loaded it, you will be asked for input. Input must be an integer, and must be within the range of -9999 and 9999, any values or inputs that do not follow these rules will cause the application to continue to ask for valid input. Once valid input has been entered, depending on the BasicML instruction the result of the operation will be given. Finally the reset button will reset the window back to its original state. This can be done whenever, even in the midst of a uploaded files instruction. Given in this repository are a few test files that are available to try out. 
